TINY-6471: Fixed an exception incorrectly thrown when pressing the down key near the end of a document (#6070)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

Version 5.5.1 (TBD)

>     Fixed an exception incorrectly thrown when pressing the down key near the end of a document #TINY-6471

Author: We're not allowed to use "being" in the changelogs :cry:

>     Fixed an exception incorrectly thrown when pressing the down key near the end of a document #TINY-6471

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed pressing the down key near the end of a document incorrectly raising an exception #TINY-6471
```
